the hardest thing did not arrive
all users from the plan
as this question is solved
Bocharova
occupy the mountain
one bachate kiev on central warsaw
o'clock
and one more match
riding around covering up this fact
Signor points but held at base 4
Soviet lawsuit
occupy
central hill scored
here
I decided to go to the crash contest myself
practice shows back
we begin
look what will happen next
tandem leg accelerated
flashes leap
their data
I want to
Bolshakov raise by rub
try shooting out
which to ride on a sled bank
and we see that our sites
bye lines for candles
risking st and
doing a counterattack with
on the other hand
abaya line
because our gates
with leakage however they did not take away
here he was
chambers what happens next
Soviet strikes
Now this square will occupy
pushups from this side
and not letting drive here I drive
immediately lit art
I'm trying now
her street faces
an alley is introduced
under candles one more thing about
we see that they have a trace
all banks are returning a little
little by little
will be next
in the third bachat us like going
a little bit gone of course not according to plan
they managed to come back and drive
I give the order to Soviet Astana
just hold this position
in the province about one party
as they have no cards
there are no cars
and they neat ride
ATM
rubles received a term
how to survive
I pull up and the rest of the board
which is right here
foundation and teams
got together
also threw over all the glasses
need to hurry
all the power gathered here
all both chatting tassels gathered and trying
quick for our tanks which are below
they split a little bit
we are their fact powerless
As you can see
the score is equal
6 5 in our favor
what's the option what am i what's the current moment
do
I still
still risking one
moment to here this pack of banks with 100
throw here the ships
to add grab
Here I give the command
Now our Ostashevsky are trying
to drive
let's see how they are
apparently it is
here is one tank moshes therefore strange
street
here is a good thing for everyone to remember
they have ashot on tank there too they need help
all the same three tanks left without funds
eu
which is now
network fact
Bolshakov
how is it all intrigues
still left
one went from
rest 140 pick up hourly
get our calculations
and people without problems created the Soviet media
left take away here is the author of the article
fine
we'll see
I get one shock natanchik
Soviet 100
and in one word
these two articles were in a hurry
call the stele
and this is not giving them
here to help
as we see two shot nepochatova
have fashionable 403 here katai
and 500 600 5
two shows
working on focus is very simple to do
here finds one walked from
both officials
we remind that we still have
artillery we are in no hurry
look
Soviet become right now
bargain this tower
taking one cob
and left alone
and cis
fine
n care
Here is such tactic Anna very effectively
occupying occupying
this part
cleaning up
occupying
This part of the assembly is not giving the opponent if
want them gathered here
child what we do
we do not send Soviet what
here are the ships from
on these squares
not letting go with him here
at the same moment
bachatu who were in the yard farazh from this
line taking fireflies
if there is no sedakova driving at the base
host base
get on
first line
closer to may schools we drive up
not giving the opponent
throw shells on the base take the base
if they start driving through
so here
With a pack of Soviet simple
just throw them back and the Bolsheviks
who stand on capture
focusing everything above 1000
but sushkevich leaves
very very promising
if your opponent is trying for your
church side
sense 1
rashit already but our bases are not present
they have time for it
take our base
such an advantage and just break
urala either take the base
good luck to all islam bek suzuka slalom
dating
bye Bye